# CornerGrocer

  This a C++ program that uses Python a function to receive input from the user in order to analyze from an input text file then output the frequency of occurrences and item side by side in another text file so the text file can be read. Once each line of the output text file is read the occurrences are converted to a histogram form count in this case displaying asterisks in place of a number to output to the C++ program for a visual display rather than a numerical display. This program help utilize more than one program language to help run more efficiently and make the program more readable in all cases.
  Since I had some experience in Python I was in fact able to use some of my previously learned skills to contribute to this project. I believe there may be some points where I can made this code simpler by just outputting stright to the program insteaad of reading and writing from a text file but I believe this was definitely good practice in order to receive a constant changing user input through a text file rather than receiving each input individually.
  The hardest part of the program to write was in fact the reading and writing from a file properly and efficiently. Being that I usually just write straight to the program. I looked into different ways to read and write files in both Python and C++ to see what was most efficient and decided to use a function in Python to complete this portion based on the fact that Python is best for analyzing data. I did a ton of research online and reached out to other individuals who are proficient in either C++ or Python. I believe the skills from reading and writing to a file will definitely be handy in different areas for projects or course work. I enjoyed utilizing more than one coding language to make a program as well and I believe this skill will be beneficial in many ways. 
  I did do my best to make the program readable and maintainable by writing in-line comments as well as breaking the code into different functions rather than just making one huge function. I believe this is best practice for readability, adaptability and being able to maintain the program properly when being worked on by more than one person or for an extended period.
